EN | 简中 | 繁中 |
Cultivation

A game launcher designed to easily proxy traffic from anime game to private servers.
Table Of Contents

    Client Patching Notice
    Download
    Setup
    Developer Quick-start
        Setup
        Building
        Code Formatting and Linting
        Generating Update Artifacts
    Theming
    Screenshots
    Credits

Client Patching Notice

For game versions 2.8 and above, Cultivation automatically makes a small patch to your game client when launching using Grasscutter, and restores it upon closing the game. In theory, you should still be totally safe, however it would be dishonest to not explicitly state that modifying the game client could, theoretically, lead to a ban if you connect to official servers with it. It is extremely unlikely AND there are no instances known of it happening, but the possibility exists.
Download

Download the latest version! (ayaka)

Download and open the MSI, and once installed, run Cultivation as administrator. Refer below for more detailed setup instructions.

Windows 7 Users: You will need to download WebView manually, and download the .zip instead of the .msi.
Setup

    Download Cultivation
        If you are on Windows 10 or 11, use the MSI
        If you are on Windows 7, or the MSI doesn't work, use the zip and download WebView
        If you are on Linux or MacOS, help us port Windows-specific system calls to Linux/MacOS!
    Install or extract Cultivation
    Open Cultivation as administrator
    Before clicking randomly on stuff, in options (top right cog icon), set your Game Install Path.
        If you are using an existing server installation from somewhere else, you can set the .jar file in settings as well. All downloads made through Culti will automatically use that path, no additional config needed.
        If you use multiple Java versions, you can set the Java path to your Java 17 installation (only required if you are running your own server)
    Decide if you want to download your own server, or just join a public one
        If joining a public one, you're done. Just click "Connect with Grasscutter" and input the address and port. You do not have to continue these instructions.
            If you are getting System Error, or 4214, ask the Discord support channels
    Open the "Downloads" menu (top right)
        Download "latest grasscutter" (second from the top)
        Download "resources" (very bottom)
    Once all of that is done, click the icon next to "Launch"
    To play on your new server:
        Click "Connect with Grasscutter"
        Input localhost as the address, and 443 as the port
        Ensure HTTPS is disabled
    Any generic "I am getting XYZ error!" should go in the Discord support channels
    Any specific Cultivation issues should go in the issues section
    Any Grasscutter server related issues should go in the Grasscutter issues section

Developer Quickstart
Setup

    Install NodeJS >12
    Install yarn (cry about it npm lovers)
    Install Rust
    yarn install
    yarn start:dev

Building

For a release build,

    yarn build

For a debug build,

    yarn build --debug

Code Formatting and Linting

Formatting:

    yarn format

Check Lints, fix (some) lints:

    yarn lint, yarn lint:fix

Generating Update Artifacts

    Add the TAURI_PRIVATE_KEY as an environment variable with a path to your private key.
    Add the TAURI_KEY_PASSWORD as an environment variable with the password for your private key.
    yarn build

The update will be at src-tauri/target/(release|debug)/msi/Cultivation_X.X.X_x64_xx-XX.msi.zip
Theming

A full theming reference can be found here!
Screenshots

image image image image image
Credits

    quade23: For originally creating GrassClipper and creating the amazing UI of Cultivation.
    KingRainbow44: For building a proxy daemon from scratch and integrating it with Cultivation.
    Benj: For assistance in client patching.
    lilmayofuksu: For assistance in client patching.
    Tauri: For providing an amazing, efficient, and simple desktop application framework/library.
